architecturally led interior design

FLINTWELL // PRODUCT BROCHURE
2025

INTRO
The most complicated thing is simplicity.
Driven by creativity, we design with purpose—crafting spaces that are both
ergonomically refined and visually striking. We work closely with developers
and architects to collaboratively achieve beautiful standards of living.
Drawing on our extensive knowledge and experience, we offer clients the
assurance that their investments deliver optimal value and cost savings through
our trusted network.
Providing a great service is our top priority. Our process is designed to pull
everything together, often acting as the middleman—translating ideas into
architectural drawings, ensuring each trade is accurately working towards the
design goal.
We are continuously motivated to achieve the best outcome and feel the order
in which things are done is vital to achieving the best results.

FLINTWELL // PRODUCT BROCHURE
2025

PROCESS
D E S I G N
Architectural floor plans, design elevations, cross sections and detailed MEP
site notes for trades.
S O U R C E

M A N A G E M E N T

Survey, quantify and spec materials & furniture for project. Organise samples,
manage lead times and logistics.
I N S T A L L A T I O N

M A N A G E M E N T

Prep & installation management of interiors. Ensure MEP drawings provided by
Flintwell are followed. Delivering high standards of prep information to ensure
build accuracy.
P R O J E C T

M A N A G E M E N T

Managing logistics for labour and materials for the build. Project planning,
execution and completion, ensuring quality standards and safety.

FLINTWELL // PRODUCT BROCHURE
2025

DESIGN
This service will provide you with working drawings and supporting design
proposals. We will discuss the best process with you to match the complexity
of your project.
//Architectural floor plans (AutoCAD .pdf & .dwg files)
//Furniture design elevations & cross sections
//MEP (mechanical/electrical/plumbing) plans and elevations
//Recommended mood board
Please note your quote will vary depending on complexity. Kitchens and
bathrooms are more involved than wardrobes for instance. Specific technical
planning is required in kitchens for services, appliances, worktops, etc.
Bathrooms also require technical planning for concealed framed cisterns,
rough valves, niches and detailed tile and grout planning.
Starting from £500 per room

FLINTWELL // PRODUCT BROCHURE
2025

SOURCE
MANAGEMENT
Survey, quantify and spec materials & furniture for project. Organise samples,
manage lead times and logistics.
//Access to private price lists from our recommended suppliers
//Direct communication with suppliers, issuing detailed drawings for pricing
//Check order forms with suppliers to ensure accuracy & lead time
//Mood board adjustments as choices develop
Our fee reflects the time, expertise, and product knowledge we contribute to
your project, while also giving you access to exclusive trade discounts.
However, your overall cost will remain significantly lower than standard retail
pricing.
Because of our relationships with trusted suppliers, we’re able to secure
significant savings that we pass directly on to you. These partnerships also give
us full transparency on costs, so we can discuss value and make smart choices
together.
Most importantly, we only recommend suppliers who share our design vision
and commitment to quality, ensuring you get the best results at the best value.
5% of net value

FLINTWELL // PRODUCT BROCHURE
2025

INSTALLATION
MANAGEMENT
Prep & installation management of interiors. Ensure MEP drawings provided by
Flintwell are followed. Delivering high standards of prep information to ensure
build accuracy. Problem solving, design solutions, decision making.
//Guidance and communication throughout the build
//Provide specific, technical information and direction to trades
//Marking out services for mechanical, electrical, plumbing and structural
requirements for wall suspended features
Starting from £500 per room or % of build cost

FLINTWELL // PRODUCT BROCHURE
2025

PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
A project managed service where we pull everything together. Managing
logistics for labour and materials for the build. Project planning, execution and
completion, ensuring quality standards and safety. Highly communicative
service that ensures crucial information is delivered between each trade.
There are numerous variables that can make a big impact and without
direction, may only become apparent in hindsight. Therefore, this fee often
saves you money.
% of build cost

FLINTWELL // PRODUCT BROCHURE
2025

TERMS
You will receive a quote after discussing your project with Flintwell. Your quote is valid for 30
days from date of issue.
Your budget will be discussed in the early stages of your project; we work within these unless
guided otherwise.
We will invoice for services in the following stages
Design – issued with completed designs
Source Management – 50% on order, 50% upon satisfactory completion of install
Installation Management – 50% on order, % due upon satisfactory completion of install
Project Management – pre-agreed instalments

Payments are due within 7 days of issued invoice date
Flintwell will only invoice clients for Flintwell direct services unless otherwise agreed. All supplier
invoices will be paid by the client directly to the supplier and are subject to their invoice terms
which clients will be made aware of prior to financial commitment.

FLINTWELL // PRODUCT BROCHURE
2025